Work on the conference part of the website (#56)
nordic-rse/nordic-rse.github.io: conference/index.md

coming months.

## Why attending the conference and why getting involved?

When planning this conference we have the following "personas" in mind:

- **People who spend a significant portion of their time programming**
    - These are "classic" RSEs
    - Their goals:
      - Get recognized for their work
    - Their interests:
      - Best practices
      - Future career possibilities
      - Collaboration opportunities
- **People with research focus who spend one or two hours per week programming**
    - Their goals:
      - More efficient research
    - Their interests:
      - Solve immediate problems

>       - Learn about their domain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Learn about best software practices in their domain
```

- **PIs/administrators who can improve their institution's research quality**
    - Their goals:

>       - Learn how to organize their research staff to do research better

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Learn how RSEs can complement their existing staff
      - Learn how to nurture a collaborative, educational computational culture
      -  Improve the quality and efficiency of their research
```

    - Their interests:

>       - Learn about lessons learned from other groups and institutions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Learn about best practices in other groups and institutions
      - Come back prepared to improve their own group/institution
```
